Fix style issue in Collector "building" pages (#3204)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/collector/trace-receiver.md

}
```

{{% alert title="Check your work" color="primary" %}}

> - I added the `Interval` and the `NumberOfTraces` fields so I can properly have
>   access to their values from the config.yaml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the `Interval` and the `NumberOfTraces` fields to properly have
  access to their values from the config.yaml.
```

}
```

> {{% alert title="Check your work" color="info" %}}
> - I imported the `fmt` package, so I can properly format print my error messages.
> - I added the `Validate` method to my Config struct where I am checking if the
>  `interval` setting value is at least 1 minute (1m) and if the
>  `number_of_traces` setting value is greater or equal to 1. If that is not
>  true the Collector will generate an error during its startup process and
>  display the message accordingly. {{% /alert %}}
> 

Reviewer 2: Overall, this is looking better. Make sure that each `{{% %}}` tag is on its own line. Here is an example, change all other instances too:

```suggestion
{{% alert title="Check your work" color="info" %}}

- I imported the `fmt` package, so I can properly format print my error messages.
- I added the `Validate` method to my Config struct where I am checking if the
 `interval` setting value is at least 1 minute (1m) and if the
 `number_of_traces` setting value is greater or equal to 1. If that is not
 true the Collector will generate an error during its startup process and
 display the message accordingly.
 
 {{% /alert %}}

```

Author: `color="primary"` is a valid color code, check docsy - https://www.docsy.dev/docs/adding-content/shortcodes/#shortcode-helpers

Also, I have formatted the alerts sections as per your suggestions.

}
```

{{% alert title="Check your work" color="primary" %}}

> - Imported the `fmt` package to properly format print error messages.
> 
> - Added the `Validate` method to the Config struct to check if the `interval`

Reviewer 2: You've added blank lines between list entries, this spaces them out also in the generated pages, we don't need that extra spacing, so please remove the extra blank lines you added, here and elsewhere:

```suggestion
- Imported the `fmt` package to properly format print error messages.
- Added the `Validate` method to the Config struct to check if the `interval`
```

}
```

{{% alert title="Check your work" color="primary" %}}

> - I imported the `fmt` package, so I can properly format print my error
>   messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Imported the `fmt` package to properly format print error messages.
```

> - I added the `Validate` method to my Config struct where I am checking if the
>   `interval` setting value is at least 1 minute (1m) and if the
>   `number_of_traces` setting value is greater or equal to 1. If that is not true
>   the Collector will generate an error during its startup process and display
>   the message accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the `Validate` method to the Config struct to check if the
  `interval` setting value is at least 1 minute (1m) and if the
  `number_of_traces` setting value is greater or equal to 1. If that is not true
  the Collector will generate an error during its startup process and display
  the message accordingly.
```
